[CI/Build] improve python-only dev setup (#9621)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/getting_started/installation.rst

Python-only build (without compilation)
---------------------------------------

> If you only need to change Python code, you can build and install vLLM without compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only need to change Python code, you can build and install vLLM without compilation. Using `pip's ``--editable`` flag <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/topics/local-project-installs/#editable-installs>`_, changes you make to the code will be reflected when you run vLLM:
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm.git
    $ cd vllm

>     $ VLLM_USE_PRE_COMPILED=1 pip install --editable .

Author: Good catch. Fixed.

> This will download and the latest available nightly wheel and include the compiled libraries from there. The wheel that is used to retrieve the prebuilt libraries can be set using the ``VLLM_PRECOMPILED_WHEEL_LOCATION`` environment variable, for example, to use the `PyPi wheel <https://pypi.org/project/vllm/#files>`:

Reviewer: Link/typo fix and perhaps improved readability

```suggestion
This will download and install the latest available nightly wheel and include the compiled libraries from there. 

The wheel that is used to retrieve the prebuilt libraries (e.g. the `PyPi wheel <https://pypi.org/project/vllm/#files>`_) can be set using the ``VLLM_PRECOMPILED_WHEEL_LOCATION`` environment variable:
```

Author: The latest wheel is not installed, so I skipped this suggestion, but I did split the the text as suggested.

.. code-block:: console

   $ export VLLM_PRECOMPILED_WHEEL_LOCATION=https://files.pythonhosted.org/packages/4a/4c/ee65ba33467a4c0de350ce29fbae39b9d0e7fcd887cc756fa993654d1228/vllm-0.6.3.post1-cp38-abi3-manylinux1_x86_64.whl

>    $ VLLM_USE_PRE_COMPILED=1 pip install --editable .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   $ VLLM_USE_PRECOMPILED=1 pip install --editable .
```

>    $ export VLLM_PRECOMPILED_WHEEL_LOCATION=https://files.pythonhosted.org/packages/4a/4c/ee65ba33467a4c0de350ce29fbae39b9d0e7fcd887cc756fa993654d1228/vllm-0.6.3.post1-cp38-abi3-manylinux1_x86_64.whl

Reviewer 3: can we unify these two env vars into one `VLLM_PRECOMPILED_WHEEL=location` ?

Author: Good call, I updated the workflow so that if `VLLM_PRECOMPILED_WHEEL_LOCATION` is set, there's no need to also provide `VLLM_USE_PRECOMPILED`. If `VLLM_USE_PRECOMPILED` is provided but the location is unset, it will use the default nightly url.

You can find more information about vLLM's wheels `above <#install-the-latest-code>`_.

> Python code changes, will reflected when you run vLLM thanks to pip's ``--editable`` flag.

Reviewer: I think this line makes more sense at the beginning of this section. I offered a suggestion there. 

```suggestion
```

.. tip::

    Building from source requires a lot of compilation. If you are building from source repeatedly, it's more efficient to cache the compilation results.

    For example, you can install `ccache <https://github.com/ccache/ccache>`_ using ``conda install ccache`` or ``apt install ccache`` .
    As long as ``which ccache`` command can find the ``ccache`` binary, it will be used automatically by the build system. After the first build, subsequent builds will be much faster.

>     `sccache <https://github.com/mozilla/sccache>` works similarly to ``ccache``, but has the capability to utilize caching in remote storage environments.
>     The following env vars can be set for to configure the vLLM ``sccache`` remote: ``SCCACHE_BUCKET=vllm-build-sccache SCCACHE_REGION=us-west-2 SCCACHE_S3_NO_CREDENTIALS=1``. We also recommend setting ``SCCACHE_IDLE_TIMEOUT=0``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `sccache <https://github.com/mozilla/sccache>`_ works similarly to ``ccache``, but has the capability to utilize caching in remote storage environments.
    The following environment variables can be set to configure the vLLM ``sccache`` remote: ``SCCACHE_BUCKET=vllm-build-sccache SCCACHE_REGION=us-west-2 SCCACHE_S3_NO_CREDENTIALS=1``. We also recommend setting ``SCCACHE_IDLE_TIMEOUT=0``.
```
